Security took them to me
What are you doing?
That's how a manager treats customers.
Hahaha customer
Of course we treat customers warmly.
But for trash poor people like you
It was heartless.
Just because of his words
You just don't think we can afford that car, do you?
I've seen a lot of people like you
Come to my car dealership and pretend to be rich, right?
Why are you bringing your daughter here to act tough?
Hahaha, how do you know we can't afford it?
Can you afford that?
Our car dealership
Any one starts at two or three million
Just because your dad changed dads
I'm afraid he can't even afford one after ten years of cooking
Somebody catch them
Take it down and treat the brothers well
I see you want to die
How dare you threaten me?
If they don't cooperate
I'll strip them naked now
Then I'll kill him now
Don't do it, I'll do it
If we could really afford this car
What would you say?
How can you possibly afford that?
You don't want your mom to pay for it, do you?
Ah no my mom
Don't you always say
Is my dad a punk who runs a food stall?
Keep using this to suppress and laugh at me
Now I'll tell my dad
The best and greatest dad in the world
Credit.